[Canvas] Update function reference docs (#156409)
elastic/kibana: docs/canvas/canvas-function-reference.asciidoc

|`string`, `number`, `boolean`
|A parameter to be passed to the SQL query.

|`timeField`

Alias: `timeField`
|`string`

> |The time field to use in the time range filter set in the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The time field to use in the time range filter, which is set in the context.
```

|`string`
|An evaluated `TinyMath` expression. See https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/canvas-tinymath-functions.html.

|`castColumns` †
|`string`

> |The ids of columns to cast to numbers before applying the formula

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The column ids that are cast to numbers before the formula is applied.
```
